### 1 Definitions

**SudoSOS** : SudoSOS is the bar system of Study Association GEWIS that handles financial transactions regarding the bar. It consists, but is not limited to, the touchscreens behind the bar with their barcode scanners, the mobile tablet, the website, the database and the paper list. The system acts as a mediator between buyer and seller.

**BAC**: The BAr Committee of Study Association GEWIS.

**GEWIS Room**: Room MF3.155 in the Metaforum building on the campus of Eindhoven University of Technology. Also known as **Het Dakterras**.

**Borrel**: Every opportunity, not strictly limited to the GEWIS room, where the BAC will provide bar services to GEWIS.

**Board**: executive board of Study Association GEWIS.

**Account**: a personal login which can be used to utilize the services provided by SudoSOS.

**Balance**: amount of money present on an account.

**Positive balance**: a balance where more money has been put into an account than spent.

**Negative balance**: a balance where more money has been spent than put into an account.

**User**: a natural person or legal entity who has an account in SudoSOS.

**Product**: a drink, snack or service a user can consume during or after a borrel, or at any other moment in time.

**Transfer**: a change of one or two users’ balance.

**Transaction**: a transfer where the user will also be provided with a product.

**Website**: https://sudosos.gewis.nl/

**Point of Sale**: a website, screen or device users can use to create transactions within SudoSOS.

**Pincode**: Four digit code to log in at a point of sale.

**Voucher**: accounts which can only be used with a bar code, having a predefined balance which can not be increased.

### 2 Users

#### 2.1 Who can use the system

SudoSOS can be used by GEWIS members, graduates, natural persons or legal entities that have been granted access by the BAC, or people who hold vouchers. In case of loss or damage, a voucher cannot be recovered.

#### 2.2 Contact information

The user is responsible for keeping their contact information up to date. They are therefore also responsible to notify either the BAC or the Board of any changes.

#### 2.3 Vouchers

After a certain amount of time which is mentioned on the voucher, the voucher becomes expired and can therefore no longer be used.

### 3 Balances

#### 3.1 Balance ranges

The balance for each user may not exceed 150 euros.

#### 3.2 Negative balances

Only GEWIS members and legal entities who have been granted access by the BAC are allowed to have a negative balance.

#### 3.3 Fines

If a user has a negative balance, the BAC has the right to fine this user. These users will be fined after every weekly borrel when the BAC deems this necessary. Users will never be fined during holidays and exam weeks.
Fines will be calculated by dividing the balance, which the user had the previous time fines were calculated, by five and rounding this number down to euros, with a maximum of 5 euros.

#### 3.4 Deposits

When depositing money into their account, a user has to deposit exactly their total negative balance (such that their balance becomes 0 euros after the deposit) or at least 10 euros. The primary way for a deposit to be created is by online payment through the website. In exceptional cases, other ways to increase a balance (such as by invoice) can be agreed upon with the BAC.

#### 3.5 Balance payouts

Users can request their positive balance to be returned to their bank account.

#### 3.6 Debtors

When a user has a negative balance lower than -10 euros for at least four weeks, they can be marked as debtor. This user shall then be excluded from using SudoSOS, except for depositing money into their account. When the user’s balance has become positive again, the debtor mark will be removed and the user can use SudoSOS again.
In extreme cases the BAC and the Board can impose sanction onto the debtor.
When the BAC and the debtor agree that the debtor has a valid reason for not increasing their balance, the BAC and the debtor can enter an agreement about the debtor’s debt.

#### 3.7 User inactivity

A user will be marked inactive after not making any transactions or transfer in SudoSOS for at least three years. This user will then pay an amount of 10 euros administrative costs per year. However, the inactive user can never get a negative balance from these administrative costs (become smaller than zero).

#### 3.8 Account removal

When an account’s balance is exactly zero for at least a year, this account will be removed.

### 4 Transactions

Every product that one wishes to consume, needs to be registered into SudoSOS by creating a transaction.

#### 4.1 Transactions during borrels

During borrels, the BAC will create transactions on a user’s behalf.

#### 4.2 Transactions outside of borrels

Outside of borrels, users can create transactions themselves by using a corresponding point of sale.

#### 4.3 Transactions outside of borrels on behalf of someone else

Outside of borrels, users can create transactions on behalf of someone else. This is only allowed when the user who bears the costs agrees with this. If this was not the case afterwards, the BAC will claim these costs from the creator of the transaction.

#### 4.4 SudoSOS offline

In the case SudoSOS is offline, a physical list will be placed next to the point of sale in the room. When such a list is not present, one should be requested by the BAC or the Board. On this list, all users must register which products and how much have been consumed. When the system comes back online again, the BAC will add these transactions to SudoSOS.

### 5 Data processing

User data of the SudoSOS system is processed in accordance with the privacy policy of GEWIS. A copy can be found on https://gewis.nl/association/regulations/privacy-statement.
Users may be offered the option to have individual data analysed. In this case, the user has to opt-in for this when accepting the terms of service. The user can change their preference for individual analysis later. Individual data analysis has as goal to enhance the user experience by offering extra functionality to the user. This non-pseudonymized data may also be shared with other users of the system for certain functionality, such as leaderboards.

#### 6 Final provisions

### 6.1 Misuse

When misuse of SudoSOS is observed, this can lead to exclusion from SudoSOS and a summation of all incurred costs. Moreover, users can be hold responsible for their actions.

### 6.2 Disputes

In the case of disputes between a user and the BAC, the Board can be asked to act as a mediator between two parties. The Board can then give their opinion on the dispute.

### 6.3 Changes

These terms of service may be changed at any time. In case the terms of service are changed, the user will be prompted for approval when they sign in. Continuing the use of the service is only possible after approving the new terms and conditions. If the user does not agree, they can still request their balance to be paid out to their bank account.